gamified experience
1. one game per week. Create a playlist for the game. Let everyone upload there
2. from phone or app. Allow uploading audio/video for challenge
3. peer review.
4. personalization
	- learn by doing - give me jazz stuff e.g.
5. can choose between games:
	- Genre changer: it randomizes a known song (there will be a "I don't know this song") and a genre, and you need to make it that way
	- X
	- Y (use prompt to get ideas)
6. can definitely share and/or switch with another person that did the same - peer review each other





I want us to further develop the vision. The goal is first of all to have fun. That will be driven
     mostly by the opportunity suggestions. I want them to be fun, diverse, challenging and interesting. Come up with interesting, intriguing
     ideas and prompts for musical content creation, that is based on my existing musical content and also drives me to create new music
     (songs, instrumental, verses etc.). The content we were focusing on up until now, the promotion side of things, is nice, and a lot of
     pieces will still be useful, but the tool's main objective is to escort the musician's journey of content creation and make it fun to
     create and to watch. Reorganize things top down, and then let's merge the content into PRD.md

another significant change - I want the experience to feel gamified. Let's say I open the app. There
      are 3 opportunities. I choose one. Then, I'll want a relevant screen to open up (let's say, camera or audio recorder). I'll be able to
     replay until I'm done, hit submit, and then the content is saved and there's a celebration, similar to passing a stage in a game.


· When a challenge involves audio or video (e.g., 'Record an instrumental challenge'), how should the creation screen work? →
     In-browser recorder
     · What should 'submitting' a challenge save to the app? → Full artifact model
     · How far should the gamification mechanics go in this phase? → Full progression and also a "Share" button when finishing a
     challenge. That will essentially be the content creation part implicitly


 This is already starting to look great. A couple of small notes: first, notice that the challenges
     should be diverse, and manipulate different kinds of musical aspects for bigger stimulation and enjoyment. Genres, themes, tempo,
     goofiness. Be very playful and imaginative. Secondly, let's also think about the concept of review, either by the tool or via the sharing
      part (or some other suggestion that you have). Don't have to nail this now, but let's write it down - it can add value to the tool





1. pre-fill in some details alone for each song
1.b. perhaps based on lyrics (also probably enter them somewhere? might be useful as vector store or something)
2. suggest genres from a bucketlist of known ones
3. suggest mood tags from known ones + frequently used ones
4. I upload live video. The platform beautifies it and creates content out of it (?)

